chore: implement validatior validation GHA workflow (#115)
kyma-project/kyma-companion: tests/blackbox/validation.md

# Evaluation

> To find out a model that can judge the test scenarios, we need to validation the best LLM model. This can be done by running the validation tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find a model that can evaluate the test scenarios, we need to validate the best large language model (LLM) model. This can be done by running the validation tests.
```
